Docs: Adding API reference documentation support for the packages libraries (#21931)
grafana/grafana: contribute/code-comments.md

Each package will have an overview explaining the overall responsibility and usage of the package. 

This can be documented with the [`@packageDocumentation`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_packagedocumentation/) tag.

**Do:**

Add this tag to the `<packageRoot>/src/index.ts` entry file to have one place for the package description.

## Stability of APIs

All `exported` apis from the package should have a release tag to indicate its stability.

- [`@alpha`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_alpha/) - early draft of api and will probably change.
- [`@beta`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_beta/) - close to being stable but might change.
- [`@public`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_public/) - ready to use in production.
- [`@internal`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_internal/) - for internal use only.

### Main stability of APIs

Add a tag to mark the stability of the whole exported `class/interface/function/type` etc.

Please place the `release tag` at the bottom of the comment to make it consistent among files and easier to read. 

**Do:**

```typescript
/**
 * Will help to create DataFrame objects and handle 

>  * the heavy lifting of creating a complex object.

Reviewer: Apply these edits to examples that follow.

 * 
 * @example
 * ```typescript
 * const dataFrame = factory.create();
 * ```
 * 
 * @public
 **/
export class DataFrameFactory {
    create(): DataFrame { }
}
```

**Don't**
```typescript
/**
 * Will help to create DataFrame objects and handle 
 * the heavy lifting of creating a complex object.
 * 
 * @public
 * @example
 * ```typescript
 * const dataFrame = factory.create();
 * ```
 **/
export class DataFrameFactory {
    create(): DataFrame { }
}
```

### Partial stability of APIs

> Add the main stability of the API at the top according to [Main stability of API](#main-stability-of-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Unnecessary. You just gave this instruction in the previous section.

> Then override the non-stable parts of the API with the proper [release tag](#release-tags). This should also be place at the bottom of the comment block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override the non-stable parts of the API with the proper [release tag](#release-tags) at the bottom of the comment block.
```

**Do:**

```typescript
/**
 * Will help to create DataFrame objects and handle 
 * the heavy lifting of creating a complex object.
 * 
 * @example
 * ```typescript
 * const dataFrame = factory.create();
 * ```
 * 
 * @public
 **/
export class DataFrameFactory {
    create(): DataFrame { }

    /**
     * @beta
     **/
    createMany(): DataFrames[] {}
}
```

**Don't**

```typescript
/**
 * Will help to create DataFrame objects and handle 
 * the heavy lifting of creating a complex object.
 * 
 * @example
 * ```typescript
 * const dataFrame = factory.create();
 * ```
 **/
export class DataFrameFactory {
    /**
     * @public
     **/
    create(): DataFrame { }

    /**
     * @beta
     **/
    createMany(): DataFrame[] {}
}
```

> ## Deprecation of APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deprecate an API
```

> If you want to mark an API as deprecated to signal that this API will be removed in the future. You can easily do this by adding the [`@deprecated`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_deprecated/) tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to mark an API as deprecated to signal that this API will be removed in the future, then add the [`@deprecated`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_deprecated/) tag.
```

> If applicable add a reason why the API is deprecated directly after the `@deprecated tag`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If applicable add a reason why the API is deprecated directly after the `@deprecated tag`.
```

### Deprecate the whole API

> Add the [`@deprecated`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_deprecated/) tag directly above the `release tag`.

Reviewer: I am confused. Didn't you just explain this?

**Do:**
```typescript
/**
 * Will help to create DataFrame objects and handle 
 * the heavy lifting of creating a complex object.
 * 
 * @example
 * ```typescript
 * const dataFrame = factory.create();
 * ```
 * @deprecated DataFrame object is replaced by DataFrameView so please use the DataFrameViewFactory instead.
 * @public
 **/
export class DataFrameFactory {
    create(): DataFrame { }
    createMany(): DataFrame[] {}
}
```

**Don't:**
```typescript
/**
 * Will help to create DataFrame objects and handle 
 * the heavy lifting of creating a complex object.
 * 
 * @example
 * ```typescript
 * const dataFrame = factory.create();
 * ```
 * @public
 * @deprecated DataFrame object is replaced by DataFrameView so please use the DataFrameViewFactory instead.
 **/
export class DataFrameFactory {
    create(): DataFrame { }
    createMany(): DataFrame[] {}
}
```

### Deprecate parts of the API

> Add the [`@deprecated`](https://api-extractor.com/pages/tsdoc/tag_deprecated/) tag directly above the `release tag` if applicable otherwise add it at the bottom of the comment.

Reviewer: Again, didn't you just tell them how to do this?

> # Guidelines for code comments in grafana-* packages

Reviewer 2: Love this docs. Can you link it from frontend.md?
